statsD integration troubleshooting docs (#16557)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/statsd/statsd-monitoring-integration.mdx

For more on how to query the `Metric` data type, see [Query metric data](/docs/data-ingest-apis/get-data-new-relic/metric-api/view-query-you-metric-data).

## Troubleshooting [#troubleshooting]

> **Problem**
> You've followed the steps to run the StatsD integration and you still don't see the expected metrics in New Relic.
> 
> **Solutions**
> Follow the steps below to troubleshoot your configuration:
> * Ensure the <InlinePopover type="licenseKey" /> contains your 40 hexadecimal character license key and it's a valid license for the selected New Relic account ID.
> * Ensure the right data center US or EU has been selected for your New Relic account. Tip: If the license_key starts with “eu” then you need to use the `NR_EU_REGION=true` flag. 
> * Ensure there are no [`NrIntegrationError`](/data-apis/ingest-apis/metric-api/troubleshoot-nrintegrationerror-events/) related to the StatsD integration.
> * Verbose logs can be enabled using the environment variable `NR_STATSD_VERBOSE`, modify the docker run command adding the following variable: `-e NR_STATSD_VERBOSE=true`.
> * A test metric can be pushed to confirm the integration is sending metrics are expected. Example using the NetCat `nc` utility:
> - `echo "example.gauge:123|g" | nc -u -w0 127.0.0.1 8125` (update `127.0.0.1` with running container IP/address).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Problem**
	You've followed the steps to run the StatsD integration but still need to see the expected metrics in New Relic.

		**Solutions**
	Follow the steps below to troubleshoot your configuration:
	* Ensure the <InlinePopover type= "licenseKey"/> contains your 40 hexadecimal character license key, and it's a valid license for the selected New Relic account ID.
* Ensure the right data center, US or EU, has been selected for your New Relic account. Tip: If the license_key starts with "eu" then you must use the `NR_EU_REGION=true` flag. 
* Ensure there are no [`NrIntegrationError`](/data-apis/ingest-apis/metric-api/troubleshoot-nrintegrationerror-events/) related to the StatsD integration.
* Verbose logs can be enabled using the environment variable `NR_STATSD_VERBOSE`, modify the docker run command adding the following variable: `-e NR_STATSD_VERBOSE=true`.
* A test metric can be pushed to confirm the integration is sending metrics that are expected. Example using the NetCat `nc` utility:
	- `echo "example.gauge:123|g" | nc -u -w0 127.0.0.1 8125` (update `127.0.0.1` with running container IP/address).
```
